gh-142876: Remove reference to thread in documentation of `asyncio.Queue.shutdown`. (#142888)
python/cpython: Doc/library/asyncio-queue.rst

      The queue can no longer grow.
      Future calls to :meth:`~Queue.put` raise :exc:`QueueShutDown`.
      Currently blocked callers of :meth:`~Queue.put` will be unblocked

>       and will raise :exc:`QueueShutDown` in the formerly ``await``ing task.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      and will raise :exc:`QueueShutDown` in the formerly awaiting task.
```
no need for highlighting, plain text is sufficient here
